(APPLAUSE)
ORCH: SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY #7 END OF FINALE (APX 1:30)
SKIPPED (APPLAUSE)
ORK: 1ST 4 BARS. (Omit last note)
(:07)
(VIOLINS - BAR 4 - Omit last note)
(:02)
ORK: (2) +1, with upbeat --
4 BARS, (Omit last quarter note)
(:05)
OBOE ALONE, SAME EX., 2 BARS ONLY
(:03)
OBOE - NEXT 2 BARS (DOCTORED)
ORK: REPEAT PREVIOUS EX (4 BARS)
(:07)
ORK: (5) with upbeat, 8 BARS (No trombone)
(: 10)
ORK: (6), with upbeat, 2 BARS
(:03)
ORK: (5) (with upbeat) through (6) + 2
(:10)
ORK: (6) to (8) (Omit last 1/4 note)
(:15)
ORK: (21) to (22) + 6 (Omit last 1/4 note)
TROMBONE ALONE - (21) with upbeat
(:02)
ORK: (19) with upbeat to (20 with D’BT)
(:15)
ORK: (20) with upbeat through (21) + 4
ORCH:	SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY #9
FIRST MOVEMENT (APX. 5:20)
(APPLAUSE)
ORK: BEGINNING- TO 3 BEFORE (29)
(:23)
ORK: (35) TO (36), DOWNBEAT
ORCH: SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY #9 -2nd MOVEMENT
(APX. 8:00)
(APPLAUSE)
ORK: (57) TO 1 BEFORE (59), DOWNBEAT
(:25)
TROMBONES: FIRST 6 BARS
(:15)
BASSOON: FIRST 12 NOTES
(:10)
Vc + Cb, BEETHOVEN #9 RECITATION
(FINALE, 7 BEFORE 39)
(:15)
(BASSOON, 1ST 2 NOTES)
ORK: (70) - (71) (14 BARS)
(:20)
ORCH:	SHOSTAKOVICH SYMPHONY H9
3RD, 4TH, 5TH MOVEMENTS
(APX 11:00)
(APPLAUSE)